Can this person survive being hit with a hammer?
Certainly.
The root of the old man's disease is on his head
The ordinary method doesn't work at all
Gotta break his breath with a hammer
Nonsense, you keep talking about broken air
Why can't I see you?
Grandpa must have banned you
You are angry but deliberately want to kill grandpa
Come on
Take him down for me
Don't worry.
The bridge approach sounds outrageous
But it might actually work
Anyway.
I couldn't risk my grandfather's life
Kick him out
Hahaha
Hahahaha
Who wants to be treated?
The genius doctor is my grandfather
You are the legendary doctor Situ
I've heard for a long time that you can live and die
I saw a miracle doctor today
Show it to my grandpa
My grandfather is dying
tribulation
As the saying goes, pain doesn't work
Pain is not pain
Hahaha, there is an old man here.
Is there any accident?
bold
How dare you insult the genius doctor
The doctor has been sick all his life
It can also be your turn to point and point
Hahaha lad
Look at the fish
You see people.
Then tell me what happened to this old man.
gas entry
Hahahaha
lad
I can see that you are a person who knows nothing.
What kind of broken device is there in the world?
Ahahaha
Come, come, come, take a look at the old man